basic theroy on interest rate: 
( not make full sense )
market supply and demand determine interest rate, which is call the nominal rate. 
nominal rate = real risk free rate! + inflation expecation! + default primium + liquidity primium + materity premium!

classic theroy does not explaon 
why real risk free interest rate exist if no inflaiton exist 
why inflaiton expectation is different from real risk free rate 
why materiry premium ( duration) is not part of inflation expecation 

--------------------
japan debt crisis : 

2012 japan gov own 999 trillion yen equvallent to 200%+ of GDP and $80 000 per capita 

entitles: gov, corp, household( hd) , Central bank (cb), foriegn investors, (fi), 

in: 
gov collect money from hd and corp in form of tax 
gov borrow money from hd in form of saving/debt and fi in form of debt 

out: 
gov spend money for economic project 
gov spend money for warefare 
gov spend money for debt interest payment 

gap: 
cb buys gov debt from market to print money ( cb share gov balance deficit)
cb buys gov debt to push up price and push down yield 
- borrowed moeny interest coupon is based on market yield, thus cheaper the interest payment in future 
money was funneled to gov to pay for interest payment 



-------------------------

total existing gov debt interest expense must be paid by 
	1. tax 
	2. issue new debt 
	->  
total existing gov debt principle must be paid by
	1. sell national assets 
	2. tax as slaves  
	2. not paying - roll over 
	4. not paying - default 
	5. not paying - hyper inflaiton 	


	normal: 
	tax + newly issued debt = gov spending + existing interest expense 
	exisitng gov debt = newly issued debt + exisitng debt 
	exisitng interest expense = exisitng interest expense + new interest expense 
	-> total debt is growing, so is total interest expense 

	cb fill the gap: 
	cb? 
	tax - remain roughly the same 
	newly issued debt - remian the same 
	existing interest expense - increase slightly due to above 
	? cb purchase debt from open market, who recieves it?
	? how does this help gov since the purchase is on exist debt?
	? 

	

