
draft on struct of info 
1. school and gpa 
2. skill and experience 
    1. linux redhat 
        sysaddmin related tools 
    2. program language 
    3. system security 
3. related course 

4. work experience 

---------
unformatted info:

school and gpa: 
    1. uag 
    2. uga 
    3. uwi
2. skill nad expeirence 
    linux related 
    1. enviroment: cmdline 
    2. regualr user support 
    3. bash script for batch load and automation 
    4. security         ?
        sys monitory: ansinle  
        basic network monitor: wireshare 
    5. installation and configuration of hardware 


    language: 
    c and linux interface program 
    c++ java 
    python for office related task 

    working on pwk 

--------------
summary: 

key words: 
could service provider  
infrasstucture techniques 
open source 
system admin 
write code to automate server biulding / hardware install / etc.. 
react to issue under pressure 
prevent issue 
monitor and control 
general system admin task 
support staff 
advance on project 

requirement: 
cs 
expeirnce in work unrelated to sysadmin 
system admin 
system security 
policy 
data

programing and scirpt skill 
linux 
amazon web service 
ansible 
pippet 
chef 
ITIL framework 
ITSM framework 
support to user 


responsibility: 
user admin 
info gathering for new service team 
installing configuing trouble shooting  matinting upgrading hardware 
software license 

application: 
resume to email 
specify subject line 
enclosure a personal letter 
----------------
description: 
Who we are

We have built Curve Dental into an industry-leading provider of beautiful cloud software for the dental industry. With development operations based in Calgary for over 12 years, we recently received private equity investment from Battery Ventures, so that we can accelerate our growth and further dominate the dental software industry.

    We are passionate and committed to sound software development and infrastructure techniques and methodologies

    We believe in the power of open source and cloud-computing

    We encourage our team members to teach us new things through their unique perspectives and experiences

    We respect the diversity in our team and the positive influence it has on our culture

Who we are looking for

We employ sysadmins who understand that the days of massive up-front hardware investments in order to get a product to market are coming to an end and that the cloud is here to stay. We want infrastructure wizards who are as comfortable writing code to automate repetitive tasks as they are manually building a new server or swapping out a corrupt hard drive. You are the type of person who understands the urgency of reacting quickly to issues but also that it's more important to prevent the issue from happening in the first place. You are passionate about what you do and are learning new things continuously.

You want to have a sense of control. You want to know everything that is going on in your domain at all times, monitoring the right details at the right time. You anticipate problems before they happen and act swiftly to resolve them. You really don’t like doing the same task many times and are compelled to automate it so you never have to do it manually again.

Initially your work will involve working on general systems administration tasks and supporting Curve staff. You will then progress to helping our more experienced admins and engineers on large, mission critical projects. Not only will you have a chance to contribute something of value to the team, but also you'll be constantly learning and challenging yourself in new and interesting ways.

Things we’re looking for in terms of more specific skill-sets and experience:

    Bachelor in Computer Science or equivalent qualification

    Some relevant real-world experience

    Understands the principles of system administration, security, policies and “mission critical” data

    Programming and scripting skills

    Proficient in Linux

Things that would be a bonus:

    Experience with Amazon Web Services

    Experience using configuration tools like Ansible, Puppet, Chef, etc

    Experience dealing with on-premise and remote asset management

    Experience with ITIL and ITSM frameworks

    Experience providing remote support to internal users

Primary responsibilities:

    Overseeing the onboarding and offboarding of on-premise and remote employees

    Active involvement in the requirements gathering process of new services and tools required by the business and provisioning access for services as appropriate

    Installing, configuring, troubleshooting, maintaining, upgrading, and cataloging the following in on-premise and remote environments across the entire business:

    Internal hardware and peripherals used by all staff

    Software and any accompanying licenses

    Assist in the monitoring, troubleshooting and prevention of production incidents where necessary

How to Apply

Send your resume to infrastructurejobs @curvedental.com with the subject line: YOUR NAME: Junior Systems Administrator! Remember to make the name substitution and to include the exclamation mark : -)

Don't just send us your standard cover letter, simply answer the following 3 questions:

    What do you know about our business and industry?

    Why is what we do important to our customers?

    What is your favourite aspect of our business, and why?

This particular role is at Curve Dental's office in Calgary, Alberta, Canada. To find out more about Curve Dental and what it's like to work with us go to www.curvedental.com/jobs.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:

    Extended health care
    Paid time off
    RRSP match

Schedule:

    Monday to Friday

Experience:

    AWS: 1 year (Preferred)
    configuration management (e.g. Ansible, Puppet, Chef, etc): 1 year (Preferred)
    programming and scripting: 1 year (Preferred)
    Linux: 1 year (Preferred)

Education:

    Bachelor's Degree (Preferred)

Language:

    English (Required)

COVID-19 precaution(s):

    Remote interview process
    Virtual meetings
