intro: 

(opening statement express interest): 
(express that qualification fit well for this position): 

expand: 
(short summary of why my experience is valuable): 
	- why digression is worth more 
	- why experience in smaller size firm offers more responsibility

list: 
( highlight experience with key words ) 

conclude: 
(reierate why my experience provides value) 

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dear Hiring Manager: 

I am more than pleased to submit my application for the Operation position at XXX company. With 3+ years of experience supporting equity and derivative portfolio, I believe my qualification alige well with your expecation. 

Although I have digressed one year from contunue my carrer to pursue a degree in computer science, I consider it a well worth assets. With more traditional side of my experience, I worked in smaller asset managing 100+ clients's seperately managed account with a 500MM+ compostite value. With less specilaization, I managed functioned as trader and operation manager who see through the life cycle of oder generation, compliance, execution, settelemnt, and reconciliation. By employed pripetory python code, I shorten the proceses time by 40% and reduce the error rate down by 90%. In addition from the time saving, by utlizing the power of xxx and xxx, we were be able to analyze the trading cost and optimized existing strategy by reducing 10% of total cost.  

combined by experience in the field and my newly gained command over computer, I believe I offer a unique value to your team. 


------------------------------------
Dear Hiring Manager: 

I am more than pleased to submit my application for the operation position at XXX company. With 3+ years of experience supporting equity and derivative portfolio, I believe my qualification alige well with your expectation. 

In 2020, I digressed one year to pursu a computer science degree, which I consider to be eccential skill for future operaiton management. From 2016 to 2019, I supported the management of one equity fund with 500MM+ size and 100+ seperated managed accoutn and one 200MM+ eneregy hedge portofio. Due to the smaller size of the staff, I functioned both as the trader and the operation manager who oversaw the entire life cycle of the trade, from order generation, compliance, execution, alloction, settlemet, reconciliation, to audit and final report. With python, I reduced 40% if the operation time by automated the compliace, OMS, and day-end NAV reconciliation process, and further reduced the error rate by 90%. In additonal to the time saving, I also embarked on a project to use pynum to optimized trading cost and further reduce 5% of total cost.

Leverage my experience in the fund adminstration field and my newly gained knowlefge in computer science, I believe I can provide unique value to XXX compnay



